About Dataset
Impact of CO2 on Quality of Life around the World
Study of how different countries are affected by CO2 levels

Outline

    About The Dataset
    Data Extraction and Cleaning
    CO2 Emission According to Size and Density
    CO2 Emission According to Political Ideology
    Impact Of CO2 On The Temperature
    Unsupervised Machine Learning On The Quality of CO2
    Conclusion
    Areas for Further Research

About The Dataset

The public data set in this repo consists of data on the daily life of people around the world.
The objective is to link certain systematic CO2 levels to cause more severe risk and quality of life problems for the population.

Examples:

    Temperature- Since CO2 is a greenhouse gas, warmer temperatures can pose as a negative effect.
    Humidity- Due to increased CO2 levels, there can be more water cloudy and less sunlight.
    Population- A higher population density can result in higher CO2 emissions.
    Area- Larger area countries can hold more trees and ecosystem and thus be able to filter more CO2.

Pain Points or Answers the Data Set will Solve

    Can we conclude that the average humidity is higher in countries with higher CO2 emissions?
    Can we conclude that the average temperature is higher in countries with higher CO2 emission?
    Can we conclude that there is a positive relationship between countries with higher CO2 emissions and higher density?
    What are the political factors that lead to higher levels of CO2? (example are deregulated economies better for our ecosystem, do socialist economies have higher CO2?)
    Can we use machine learning to determine how CO2 emission will affect the quality of life in a certain country?
    Can we conclude that a higher population causes higher CO2 emission?

Purpose

    Find out what levels of CO2 will it start to negatively impact the quality of life in different countries.
    Understand the balances needed to have higher economic growth while maintaining an eco-friendly environment.
    Grasp an understanding of the ecosystem of the world.
    Determine global environmentalist strategies to employ.
    Determine regulatory frameworks to prevent over-emission.

Usage

Other than gaining knowledge and expecting value from looking at the trends, this dataset is useful to determine how to deal with future emissions.

Multilateral agreements between countries to reduce emissions by a certain date to help the ecosystem of the world.
Governments may implement regulations and mandates on companies to emit less and thus help the ecosystem.
Individuals and companies can look at the data to understand what impact they have on the ecosystem.
Hypothesis
The null hypothesis is:

    Countries with a higher population have higher CO2 emission levels
    Countries with a higher density have higher CO2 emission levels
    Socialist countries have higher CO2 emission levels
    Democratic/Capitalistic countries have higher CO2 emission levels

The alternative hypothesis is:

    Countries with a smaller population have higher CO2 emission levels
    Countries with smaller density have higher CO2 emission levels
    Borderline Dictatorship countries have higher CO2 emission levels
    Monarchist countries have higher CO2 emission levels

The Data-set consists mainly of two dataframes:

    CO2 Emission by Country
    Indoor Environmental Data

The information from each dataframes will be fed into a database to provide data for the tables and charts.

The tables for the UN database are:

    indicators
    countries
    series

CO2 Emission by Country Information:
Link to Dataset:

-https://data.worldbank.org/indicator/EN.ATM.CO2E.KT
Information On Dataset

The C02 by Country Data Set provides the C02 levels of countries around the world per year. The Data Set comes from The World Banks Atlas Method which uses individual countries data reported to the United Nations Framework Convention on Climate Change (UNFCCC) and other international sources.
This Data Set is a great resource to determine individual country emission situation and to see how they affect each other.
Information in the Dataset:

    Country (Title)
    Code
    60- 68
    Code (Range of C02 levels)

Sorry for the long description.